# The Team
## The 'Competitive' Team

This site is designed for getting you up to speed so you can confidently compete in security competitions. What this site is not is a series of competition problems for you to solve, which while seemingly the obvious way to teach this, winds up discouraging learners early by really kicking the crap out of them. We teach the basics, and the next course will be where you find yourself facing down challenges. Luckily, that is way easier of a course to make, because I just borrow them from old competitions. This course is to prepare you, not to get you experience in competition. It's a different approach philosophically, but it will pay off. 

When you sign up for this site, you automatically become a member of our not-at-all competitive team, which also happens to be named Hopper's Roppers. This whole site is grown out of the training I made for my college security team who competed in various cyber security competitions. Now, Hopper's Roppers is a distributed team, open to anyone, but is especially meant to be a place for beginners to learn the ropes in and we will participate in any event we have the numbers for. You will not be ready to compete while you are still working your way through this course... the good news, is you don't need to be ready to compete to do it. All you have to do is sign up, know your brain is going to hurt and you probably won't understand anything, and be ready to learn. 

The primary type of security competitions are CTFs, or Capture the Flags. This is a great resource to learn about CTFs. <https://ctfd.io/whats-a-ctf/>. All of the training here is built around the idea of preparing you for success in the security field, and there is no better measure of ability, grit, and the hacker mentality than playing in a competition. Every CTF requires you to use what you already know to identify what you will need to learn on the spot to solve the problem. As you are now a member of our team, we will let you know when competitions are occuring and we hope to see you there if you have the time. Even if you are new and don't think you have anything to contribute, you will learn more picking someone's brain as you shoulder-surf them (or watch them on Twitch) than you possibly could trying to learn by yourself.
