# This Site
##  [Register for the Free Course Today!](https://roppers.thinkific.com/courses/computing-fundamentals)
# Open Source
This site is built off of the Moodle open source education platform. I chose it because it allows me the most flexibility and control over the experience I present.

Open source is an idea that dates back to the early days of computing, that a program could either be distributed with source code, or without. If a program was distributed with source code, other programmers could take it, modify it, and then share their changes back into the ecosystem, helping everyone. A closed source program was something that was not possible to modify except by the author. There was no mutual benefit from sharing possible. Over time, open source software has found itself holding up large amounts of the internet, for very little pay. This site would not be possible without the help of the Moodle open source maintainers, so to them, I am grateful.


Moodle allows the submission and grading of assignments, which to me is an essential part of learning. The act of creating with new knowledge cements understanding in  a way that studying never can. But, I have to be honest here, I don't grade the assignments. With a couple thousand students, it is just a ton of work I don't have the time for. I made the [instructor-led version]($@COURSEVIEWBYID*12@$) of this course specifically to solve this problem.

Even though I am not able to grade the free course, I ask you to please treat each assignment as something that can and will be graded, because it will force you to do a good job. Some students have taken their responses to homeworks and directly placed them on their blogs, as the content you will be creating should be that high of quality. Additionally, a lot of the assignments can be used to make study guides that you can use to refresh your knowledge as you move forward.

A lot of the material across these courses is repeated. If you are back to a section you've done before, just skip it. No need to waste your time if you don't want a refresher.

If you need feedback on your assignments, DM me on Slack with your name and the assignment and I'll read it over and get back to you.

Thank you for your understanding!  

##  [Click Here to Start Learning Today!](https://roppers.thinkific.com/courses/computing-fundamentals)
<br><div id="mc_embed_signup"><form action="https://gmail.us5.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=4d03cc5db483966f7e0fe17cc&amp;id=8d9620c4b7" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>  <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll"><h2>Join our mailing list to get updates about our courses and our organization!</h2><div class="indicates-required"><span class="asterisk">*</span> indicates required</div><div class="mc-field-group">	<label for="mce-EMAIL">Email Address  <span class="asterisk">*</span></label>	<input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="required email" id="mce-EMAIL"></div>	<div id="mce-responses" class="clear">		<div class="response" id="mce-error-response"style="display:none"></div>		<div class="response" id="mce-success-response" style="display:none"></div>	</div>    <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->    <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_4d03cc5db483966f7e0fe17cc_8d9620c4b7" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>    <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>    </div></form></div><script type="text/javascript" src="//s3.amazonaws.com/downloads.mailchimp.com/js/mc-validate.js"></script><script type="text/javascript">(function($) {window.fnames = new Array(); window.ftypes = newArray();fnames[0]="EMAIL";ftypes[0]="email";}(jQuery));var $mcj = jQuery.noConflict(true);</script><!--End mc_embed_signup-->